docs(cli): update grammar and spelling mistakes in readme.md (#22355)
aws/aws-cdk: packages/aws-cdk/README.md

#### CloudFormation Change Sets vs direct stack updates

> By default, CDK will create a CloudFormation change with the changes that will

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, CDK creates a CloudFormation change set with the changes that will
```

Author: Thank you so much!
